1. generous
If you really want something to get your teeth into I recommend A.S.Byatt's Possession (Chatto, #13.95). This under-rated writer must be the most generous with material I know.

2. generous
I made tea from some herbs I picked, put in a generous sprig of peppermint, and spat out the result in shock.

3. bass
I went fishing for some sea bass.

4. hurdle
First the head teacher asks the girl to put her allegations in writing. 
Lots of pupils give up at this first hurdle.  

5. invaded
He wanted to control me and I resented it.He invaded my whole life, and I let him. 

6. accident
From a loudspeaker in the street he learns that Ruzena and her husband have been shot to death. 
By an accident, `one in a thousand", the bureaucrats at the community lose Josef's card, and he is not transported with all the other Roubiceks.

7. amazes
It is obviously a very exciting project for us  though, and it will allow Kylie to show just how much she has  developed over the past three years. 
`It still amazes me how much she has come on and is improving  all the time.  

8. amazed
Impressionism was a very extreme form of art. 
I'm amazed it ever happened.

9. amazed
Mop up after preparing raw chicken, and chances are, you could be spreading a dose of food poisoning bugs round the kitchen. 
Raw chicken is generally regarded of as the chief offender, when it comes to bugs, as it's thought that most chicken production is probably infected with salmonella. 
After what sounded like a pretty cataclysmic denunciation of my home, I was amazed to be told that I actually needed to do less cleaning. just to do it differently.

10. band
They were going to put on the big show. 
They had a musical band with other groups outside the station, their backs to a row of railwaymen's cottages.

11. band
The winner gets to organise the event next year. 
Performers will be required to skate round the rink to the strains of a jazz band.

12. band
Who's that old tosser at the bar? 
Is he there to check out the dance band or does he just want to feel your bottom while they're on?

13. bet
I bet she will be there and will maintain her punctuality.

14 bitter
Soft drinks are available in cans for the younger members of the family while the adults are more likely to appreciate the large selection of wines available by the glass or the bottle. 
Traditionalists might also like to sample the two hand pumped real ales like Tetley's bitter and Wadworth's 6X.

15. bother
They weren't very interested. 
You see, we don't usually bother very much about missing girls.

16. calculated
Never content, I began another section. 
This one is headed "Replacement Items", of items not covered by "Freezer Stock". 
I calculated their expected duration and noted this information on an index card, arranging my listings in alphabetical order.

17. booked
The agent booked tickets to the show for the whole family.

18. times
In olden times some of the people were mean as they practiced racism against other human beings.

19. modest
It is by far the most important thing in the convent. 
Sister Marrow is much too modest.
