1. generous
He was all right now. 
He cut Donald a generous amount of slice of untainted leg, and went back to the dining table.  

2. steering
Just don't say it, that's all!" 
Her hands flew up in horror then slammed down on the steering wheel. 

3. steering
`She is so thin," the man observed in a soft, concerned voice. 
He leaned forward over the steering wheel to see his way through a deep pot-hole in the road.

4. steering
It's a neat, modern design, if unadventurous. 
Japanese cars traditionally have counted high equipment levels among their attributes. 
All Concertos have an electric sunroof and power steering, and two models, from a range of three, also feature anti-lock braking as standard. 

5. short
Life is too short to waste time on small things.

6. bank
The boy leapt from the bank into the cold water.

7. scrapping
We aim to convince women that, given the right kind of training, they can enjoy a successful career.Last week's Budget gave working mums a much-needed boost by scrapping tax on workplace nurseries.

8. inavading
I didn't want anyone inside my head. 
He was invading my most private privacy in a way that Leonard never had done in all our months together.

9. band
To see a threat that was coming across as anything but a threat is saddening. 
They have a musical biz ring their noses: the last musical organisational band.

10. band
As a group develops, it slowly attains a responsibility towards the people who work for it.Suddenly there is a regular road crew who become attached to the band.

11. bitter
China's present leaders, Mr Tian acknowledges, are not the same. 
Stiff and uncomfortable in public, they talk constantly about the need to return to the spartan revolutionary traditions of hard living and bitter harsh struggle. not the best recipe for elegance.

12. calculated
But I read in an article this morning (`Students set to pay full fees", 29 September) that if I were applying in a few years' time, I would have to ask my parents to pay the full cost of my tuition. 
I have calculated that my tuition, rent and equipment for the five years of my degree would cost at least 54,500 dollars.   

13. calculate
But who wants to give up a year or more to check someone else's work? 
QUANTUM physicists are trying to calculate the probability that a particle goes from A to B. This probability is the sum of the probabilities of each of the possible routes it could take.

14. calculate
Again it is found that the ratio 2:1 is particularly significant to mankind. 
Beyond it the Pythagorean harmonic joins the Gods. 
Pythagorean harmonic triads are laborious to calculate and few develop into an integer series.

15. sweet
This tea is too sweet in taste for me to drink! How much sugar is in it?

16.