1. pen
Little John was looking for his toy box. Finally he found it. The box was in the pen. John was very happy.

2. generous
Oh, if only she was inside, expecting him, worrying about the delay, opening the door with a generous smile and warm arms. 

3. generous
I made tea from some herbs I picked, put in a generous sprig of peppermint, and spat out the result in shock.The portion collected was good.

4. generous
They would like to interview him because of his extraordinarily generous political contributions to five prominent senators, four Democrats and one Republican.

5. generous
But things did get eventually get better. 
German ability and hard work made the economy the most efficient in the Eastern bloc, helped by generous injections from West Germany as relations improved.

6. steer
I can steer you to the best restaurant in town.

7. bass
Ram went fishing for some sea bass.he like water sports

8. bass
The bass line of the song is too weak.

9. bass
a bass instrument.

10. walking
walking is a good excercise.

11. bank
ICICI bank is a financial institution that accepts deposits and channels the money into lending activities.

12. brilliant
That was an isolated miscalculation.On the whole, it was a very brilliant Carnaval, but a rather chilly one.The performance was superb.

13. bank
Two friends were sitting on the bank of the river.

14. bank
People were sitting in the bank with their deposits.The van came up outside the bank and three masked men got out.They took much amount of money.

15. hurdles
The seven-year-old jumped well under Martin Lynch to run out an easy 12 lengths from Jenny Pitman's Georgic. 
The 2-1 favourite was adding to his three hurdles wins last campaign. 

16. hurdle
The last hurdle before winning is to crush the opponent.

17. Hurdle
Mrs Harris acted as tea hostess. 
ASTON Villa and England footballer David Platt is venturing into racehorse ownership for the first time. 
Platt has acquired the jumper General Silky, who was claimed out of a Southwell seller for #6,050 by Redditch trainer Peter Davis, and was due to run in the Nicholas Nickleby Handicap Hurdle at Lingfield today.

18. invade
They are magicians and hierophants. 
The Eidoli and the Angeli have power to invade even dull suburban English houses.

19. invade
somebody'd got to grow the food to feed this country and  it was getting a bit desperate, because, old Hitler, he  was no fool. 
He couldn't invade us, he was going to starve us and starve us into submission.

20. accident
When police arrived, Jagdev, who was found wandering unsteadily over the roundabout, said: What's the matter? 
What accident? 

21. accidents
Members were concerned about the dangerous use of motorcycles through the Long Lane Subway. 
As there have already been two injury causing accidents there, barriers were suggested.

22. accident
The suddenly met by accident in the shop.

23. accident
Then as soon as the phone is picked up at the other end, he turns away and talks hurriedly, leaving her to assume the worst. 
He comes back proudly twirling his moustache and in halting English tells her that no news of a sailing accident has been reported to the lifeboat people.

24. accident
the clumsy and unpredictable methods employed by the governing body have earned the disapproval and concern of most of the drivers questioned. 
But opinions were divided on the responsibility for the accident in Japan.  

25. amazes
I said it surprised me too, and that the late Bob McKeown had told me that when Diefenbaker had told the tale to him, it had been one hundred thousand. 
It always amazes me that the Conservative Party took Faribault seriously as a candidate (he was not successful), and in a working-class constituency; and that so many people took him seriously as a constitutional expert.

26. amazed
The worst inhumanity would be to prevent research. 
This year, as every year, I am amazed at the interest shown in the Beaujolais Nouveau arrival.

17. amazed
As an appreciative reader of The Independent since its inception, I am writing to say how amazed I was by today's (6 November) front page unsigned article, entitled `An honest woman lying to save her own skin'.

18. Amazed
There was no one else in the room. 
Amazed and horrified Dora sank back and settled herself on a cushion of wet grass.

19. amazed
He is being succeeded by Mrs Carol James. 
I was amazed to read the remark made by the St Clement's councillor, Mr Peter Moss, in an article concerning the development of restaurants in the area that he represents (The Oxford Times, June 29).

20. amazed
She must continue, in her deceit, whole, like the spy who, in order to go on, has to become what he seems. 
She was, daily, amazed at herself, at her self-control; and at the terrible demons which fed upon her, and in doing so, she realised, fed her.

21. amaze
Women stoop to clear up the empty plastic bags and walk back to the peace camp. 
The military mind never ceases to amaze.

22. band
She was beginning to hate herself for feeling guilty that she could not love him as he wanted. 
The steel band gave way to a pair of medics singing a comic song about sinusitis and trying to tapdance in frogman's fins.

23. **band
In audiology the term critical band refers to the frequency bandwidth. 

24. band
Both were tactically very good. 
John could really read a race and was so good at presenting a horse at a fence.
But turn back another page in the history of National Hunt heroes and there is a band of jockeys whose winning totals, lacking the help of helicopters, an expanded fixture list and Martin Pipe, have long since been eclipsed by Scudamore, but whose deeds live on.

25. band
The bride has rings on every finger.he noted that she wore a wedding band.

26. **band
A band of people was angry with the decision.

27. band
Who's that old tosser at the bar? 
Is he there to check out the musical organization or dance band or does he just want to feel your bottom while they're on?

28. bet
That's how he shot a 74. 
A friend of mine followed us round and he was starting to panic because he'd had a bet on the boss.

29.bet
I hear he did a good gallop the other day." 
It is probably more than coincidence that Protection was the best backed horse for the race yesterday, being cut to 9-2 from 11-2 by the sponsors, after they laid a bet of some money each-way.

30.interest
she pays loan on the interest.

31. bet
Did you find out about those tests yet? 
I will bet you really are anemic.

32. bet
Were we surprised by the speed of it? 
You bet your life, the Secretary of State, James Baker, said yesterday.

33. bet
The trouble is we no longer have even Willie Anderson's two years, since the World Cup kicks off, England against New Zealand, on 3 October 1991. 
Even 22 months ahead of the event, is anybody out there prepared to bet against the Blacks?

34. bet
I can't wait for the summer. 
I bet it looks real good.

35. bet
I could go to Scotland to see Marie. 
She's still my friend. she'd like to see me, I bet.

36. bitter
John Dos Passos wrote a poem that talked of the resentful hair. the deep eyes floating in lonesomeness, the bitter beat look, the scorn on the lip.

37. bitterest
The fall of Singapore was perhaps the bitterest blow of the war for Churchill.

38. bitter
When the public asks for a portrait of the author of Ariel, they are asking for a personality that did not spare Sylvia Plath. 
Much as I dislike bitter fame, it does address itself, unlike earlier biographies, to this real difficulty.

39 Bitter
There he was blown to bits by the foe and yet not a hero, not a man for whom a ballad would be made up, or whose tragic fate would be an inspiration for other young men.Bitter. 

40. **bitter 
Unfortunately, I was never a candidate because of the reputation I had acquired at his behest, on his behalf.
I'm not bitter about it.

41. Bitter
Nicolae and Elena Ceausescu arrested, their government resigns. 
Bitter fighting between troops and Security Police.

42. bitter
But the Likud is seething with ambitious men like Mr Ariel Sharon and Mr David Levy. 
If Mr Shamir fails, his party will be riven by a bitter leadership struggle which will, in turn, help Mr Peres.

43. bitter
Vodka I suspect. 
Rosa was involved in a bitter argument with the American family who wanted to know when they would be leaving for Minsk, so she didn't listen to the milkmen's wild ramblings.

44. **bitter
Just after Christmas she had travelled up to Birmingham after work one evening, to spend the night with his brother. 
The weather had been bitter, she had been tired and stiff.

45. bitter
Either the great expedition, ordered by Zeus, must be abandoned, or the thing must sacrifice his own daughter to appease the goddess. 
He consents to the sacrifice. 
This action earns him the bitter enmity of his wife, who at home in Argos plans his murder.

46. bitter
Besides, I suspect he still harbors bitter feelings of envy toward the mathematically young and vigorous.

47. bitter
Legal niceties are a bit wasted on me tonight.
Don't be bitter and dont regret, Tory.

48. **bitter
Armstrong sued 21 companies, including RCA and Motorola. 
He worked for five years on preparing the case before committing suicide out of bitter frustration.

49. bitter
In the last few days when he had been in London, he had appeared lethargic and had spoken very little. 
Whatever he did say was bitter and negative.

50. bitter
They are speaking a tongue, the only one they have, which is not foreign and yet not quite native. 
This condition can be exposed with bitter resentment, or exploited winningly.

51. **bother
Your indifference is cruel. 
Well, I will not bother you ever again.

52. bothered
He goes there every evening. 
I wouldn't be too bothered about him. 

53. bothered
How would you eliminate a placebo effect that is, the treatment works because the patient thinks (or hopes) that it will? 
Carbohydrate (sugar) intake is found to increase in patients with SAD. 
How could you show that this was not because chocolate bars, sweets, etc., are more likely to be eaten since your depression means that you cannot be bothered to cook a proper meal?

54. bother
I'm up by half past seven aud I mean there isn't the same work to do. 
Like, when you're cooking for two and then you come down to cooking for one, you don't bother, do you?

55. bother
let me add the detail that change in your relationship will be apparent before either of you have spoken a word. 
Do look out for that if you can be bothered to remember.   

56. bothered
I wear jeans to university, as everyone else does. 
But I've become scruffier and scruffier, and although I do keep myself immaculately clean, I can't be bothered about my clothes any more. 

57. bother
Don't bother the professor while he is grading term papers.

58. bothering
Excuse me a moment, I must go to the bathroom.
She stood up and, not bothering with her stick, took cautious steps towards the door.  

59. bothered
Every time I went I was asked if I was looking for work. 
But I don't think anybody was that bothered because of my age.

60. bother
They have caused nothing but trouble since they became members. 
Cecil behaved liked the gentleman he is by escorting me out of the hall and seeing that irritations and his bully boys did not bother me.

61. bother
He felt happier than he had in days. 
Don't bother to cook dinner tonight.

62. bother
Black American music was partly rooted in gospel but by the time some squeaky clean popster gets his/her mitts on a guitar and starts plonking on about Jesus being groovy &dash. perhaps `wicked" would be last year's argot &dash. the singer might as well be promoting the healing power of cornflakes. 
Why do they bother?   

63. **calculated
It was a simple matter to determine from this time delay and the ring's inclination that its real diameter was 1.37 light years. 
From this and the angular diameter, the astronomers calculated that Supernova 1987A and the LMC are 169 000 light years away.

64. calculate
Fortran, the first (and still) widely used third-generation language, provides a good example. 
The programmer &dash. an engineer, say &dash. might calculate the area of a circle by writing the Fortran statement AREA = PI*R**2 (where R**2 is the Fortran version of R2).

65 **calculate
A statement by Forensic Scientist, Mr Roger Thorpe was submitted. 
He had calculated that the amount she had drunk that day would have given her a alcohol reading of 30mcg by the time of the intoximeter test.

66. calculated
The opposite is the case towards the end of the loan. 
The refund of interest in the event of early repayment is calculated using the formula known as `The Rule of 78" as required by the Consumer Credit (Rebate for early Settlement) Regulations 1983. 


67. calculated
Interest will be paid at building society rates. 
It will be calculated on the reduced sum recoverable from the date of the winding up of each company upto the end of this year.

68. calculates
The paramount question for the American attorney approached by a potential client is therefore whether the case is worth taking the risk. 
In plain language, he calculates what the case is worth, i.e. the likely amount to be recovered discounted by the probability of failure.

69. calculate
How does one determine the cost of a job run in this kind of shared environment? 
This is like asking how to calculate the cost of moving a bushel of wheat by rail from Kansas to Los Angeles.

70. calculates
In National Hunt, women professionals have done very well." 
Laird calculates that 16 different women trainers will be going out National Hunt winners this month.

71. ****sweet
Sarah is such a sweet little girl, she’s always looking after her brother.

72. watch
i got a portable watch on my birthday.

73. training
i've been getting a training under experts supervision since last year  coz i really want to pick my singing up. 

74. booked
he booked me a seat on the flight.

75. play
the actors in the play were professionals.The drama was emotional.

76. book
The latest award winning book is under sales now. People are buying that as hot cakes.

77. **playing
No doubt India is a cricket mad nation, This game is widespread as you can see boys No doubt India is a cricket mad nation, This game is widespread as you can see boys playing the game in every nook and corner.

78. flat
Tea and Coffee cannot be grown on flat terrain as they need slopes for a good drainage, which is the main part of its suitability.

79. watching
At the age of six or seven most children are averse to watching horror films but they enjoy watching cartoons.

80. ****sale
The latest award winning book is on sale now. People are buying it like hot cakes.

81. causes
Donations to common causes especially to eradicate poverty are a kind gesture. Many good hearted people follow without great fuss.

82. mouse
its not easy for children to move cursor with the help of mouse.

83. mouse
ria is very much afraid of small mouse.

84. **can
I want some soft drink.Please bring me a can.

85. **ringing
please pick up the phone its ringing since 10 minutes.

86. **ring
raj gifted me a diamond ring.

87. scale
scale the fish completely before weighing it on the scale.

88. scale
Scale the fish completely before weighing it on the scale.

89. May
You may see a rainbow in May.

90. resume
I sent my resume with my academic details hoping to find a job.

91. promise
The Government yesterday delivered on the first part of its promise to cut NHS hospital waiting lists, with the announcement of 35 new consultant posts.   

92. promise
Besides, sometimes a person's consent to a right or benefit is required for him to acquire that right or a benefit. 
Consent, in other words, differs from promises by being capable of investing the consentor with rights.   

93.calculated
Meanwhile we can have a civilised dialogue.
Britain made a gesture yesterday calculated to encourage President Menem. 

94.hurdle
she stood first in the hurdle jump game.

95.modest
Grim, with only a handful of swims producing modest bags of 2 to 2 lb 8 oz chub on feeder. 

96.modest
In few other respects could the pair be compared. 
Everyone wants Harvey to succeed because he is such a modest man, so anxious to avoid controversy (yet so harshly put on an FA disrepute charge for quietly insulting a referee after shepherding away his players at the end of the Littlewoods Cup defeat at Nottingham).   

97.modest
EXOTIC inflation has hit English rugby's Divisional Championship. 
When London played the Midlands three weeks ago, the programme was a modest, appropriate 25p.   

98.modest
The public inscription, like public sculpture, is in a tricky political position today. 
The way forward may be a modest one. 

99. slight
Fatalities dropped from 96 to 85 last year. 
The number of accidents causing slight injuries is up from 1,771 in 1988 to 2,012 last year while casualties rose from 2,520 to 2,779. 

100.slightest
We have to expect leaks, rumours, said Bourne almost aimlessly, his eyes now wandering. 
But we can't permit the slightest hint of military orientation.  

101. debut
Often regarded as one of the greatest directors of world cinema, Indian filmmaker Satyajit Ray did work in motion pictures that spanned more than 40 years. Ray worked prominently in Bengali cinema and started his career as a junior visualizer. He made his directorial debut in 1955 with much acclaimed Pather Panchali. Ray's work got wide critical acclaim and his Apu Trilogy (1955–1959) appeared in Time's All-Time 100 Movies. Aside from directing, Ray composed music, wrote screenplays and also produced films. He was often credited as a fiction writer, illustrator, and calligrapher, and some of his literature work have been adapted into films by other directors.

  
