1.)(activate)So,to provide ample warning,fit smoke alarms.Ideally,site one in the hall and another on the landing.Avoid fitting one in the kitchen ,as fumes from cooking are often enough to activate the alarm.The one illustrated is by First Alert like most types it can be simply screwed into a ceiling.

2.)**(add)This is the only court of appeal for cases tried by the military court, and looks only at points of law and not at facts and findings, thus providing a restricted appeal.In October 1990, Hamadi Jebali, who is a member of the executive council of Hizb al - Nahda, had received a six month's suspended sentence and a fine of 1500 dinars for publishing an article entitled The people of the State or the State of the people ? in Al - Fajr in June 1990.This sentence may be added to the new one - year term.Please send courteous letters appealing for his immediate and unconditional release to :MOROCCO 

3.)(add)The first production the text for the first term's production will usually be selected for the purpose of getting a new group to work together rather than trying to go for detailed individual performances.The range is obviously very wide, and you may find yourself in a Greek tragedy, or even a modern exercise play such as Games by James Saunders, where the paper may add to the text by research material which can be incorporated in the project.Either way,  the main intention will be to establish a way of working, and to begin assessing students' voice and movement abilities.The language of a classical play is challenging but it does give the student chance to see how early voice training can be used with a very demanding text .

4.)(add)teacher asked him to add two numbers to find their sum.

5.)(write)AMANDA Yes. There's lots of new plays being written that I look at and say oh yes there 's lots of opportunities there.I mean, sugar and spice for example by Nigel Williams;I'd love to have a go at doing the part of Sharon sometime, I think anything that is well written that's important.

6.)(won)Only on the final climb of Sally Gap did he clinch victory as his rival, Gary Baker, was struggling back from two punctures. Kelly, who has won this race three times, said: It has been a very long and hard season for me, and I feel very tired. Still, the best man won.Rugby League: Kiwis humbled by Saints By PAUL WILSON.

7.)(won)Only a week ago, he was in New York beating the world champion, Abdi Bile, and the best of the rest at this distance.Nobody remotely approaching that calibre threatened him yesterday.Having won two of this series in the fastest times already, he would have had to finish four seconds behind the steeplechaser Mark Rowland to lose the first prize of 5,000.Elliott was not entirely satisfied.He hoped to surpass Cram's fastest mile time of the year to remove the last argument against his own selection, but after two laps of inadequate pacing, he was never in prospect.  

8.)(interest)how much can I covenant ?Covenant payments are made out of your income and are not capital payments.You could covenant all your taxable income if you wished remember though that a part of your total income will not be subject to tax, because of the various tax allowances you enjoy(personal allowances, mortgage interest relief, etc.)If you are planning to give a particularly large sum, it is always more advantageous to give out of income by covenant than to give a capital sum.You can spread the payments over as long a period as you like.

9.)the library user who looks for books of art criticism is not necessarily going to have an easy task. Let us picture a girl entering through the impressive doors of the New York Public Library. Her interest has been aroused by some new paintings which she has seen in a SoHo gallery, which a friend has compared unfavourably with the work of Lee Krasner.This comparison has fazed her, as she only knows about Lee Krasner as the widow of Jackson Pollock; so the library visit is intended to check out reproductions of Lee Krasner's work, to see if she has to concede that her friend may be right. The resources available to her are excellent; the library has an extensive stock of books, long runs of periodicals, press cuttings, and up - to - date facilities to find relevant material.
